with 25 million babies born each year
compared to 4 million annually in the
u.s. it's easy to see that edia knows a
thing or two about parenting so how do
they raise all those kids well first off
there's the virtue of kindness and
patience
one of the biggest things Indian parents
try to teach their kids is kindness
little boys and girls are encouraged to
be modest and nice to everything around
them from strangers on the street to the
smallest bugs they find in the yard
Indians believe that every living thing
on earth deserves the same amount of
respect and don't forget about patience
showing your negative emotions and
irritability is considered a big vice
here the patient man will rule the world
is the motto Indian parents teach their
kids to live by controlled information
what do you remember watching on TV when
you were young a cat and mouse trying to
outsmart each other
well Indian parents wouldn't be too
happy about that these sorts of folder
line violent or silly cartoons aren't
that big here instead Indian children
usually watch programs about art and
education you won't see little kids
glued to tablets either people in India
firmly believe that the Internet can be
dangerous for children and even harm
their personality manners first Indian
parents won't tolerate irresponsible and
rude behavior kids can't just throw a
major tantrum and slam the door like a
boss unless they want to be grounded for
months on end family fights won't fly
either
every child is taught to be respectful
to their family members and parents try
to do everything they can to make the
bond between siblings
unbreakable they're also very particular
about table etiquette
maybe toddlers can play with their food
but at 10 you'll definitely get in
trouble for it after all manners maketh
man right setting a good example how can
a child be kind respectful and
independent if their parents are rude
and irresponsible Indian parents are
sure that their habits today are their
children's future traits that's why they
don't lecture their little ones but try
to show them how everything's done by
their own example Plus in India several
families often live under one roof so
older generations never hesitate to show
their grandchildren the ropes strong
child parent bond space is a privilege
in India so not that many children get
their own room to themselves Indian moms
also believe in attachment parenting so
they try to spend every single minute
that they can with their newborns Indian
doctors even recommend new moms sleep
with their babies of course it's pretty
convenient if your baby is anxious wants
to eat or needs a diaper change you can
just handle the problem right then and
there this kind of co-sleeping usually
ends when a kid turns 6 or 7 years old
and this time together is believed to
strengthen the bond between parents and
their children dose of Independence
Indian children usually start to work
from a young age boys tend to work in
the fields and help with the animals
while girls do chores and take care of
their younger siblings Indian parents
want their kids to become independent
and responsible as soon as possible so
no one is allowed to lie on the couch
with a bag of chips and watch cartoons
all day long of course parents don't
just leave their children to deal with a
challenge all by themselves they're
always there in case their little one
needs help
[Music]
the importance of education every parent
wants their child to be the best and
Indian moms and dads are no different
they pay close attention to their kids
academic achievements and try to help
them as much as they can along the way
Indian parents want their children to be
successful more than anything and what
can open more doors for you than a good
education right so strict playtime and
study time rules are no surprise in an
Indian household and believe it or not
children often thank their parents later
for teaching them the value of
self-discipline spirituality lessons for
many Indian people spirituality is a
huge part of life it's what their
parents taught them what their school
encouraged and the essence of who they
are from a very young age kids know
their family rituals and take part in
them slowly exploring this side of life
Indian parents believe that introducing
their kids to spirituality right away
helps them discover themselves and
figure out the world around them well
that's one way to do it financial
control when it comes to money Indian
parents are anything but laid-back no
you don't need this and nope you don't
need that either
the logic behind this rule is very
simple Indian parents want their
children to know the value of money from
a very early age so even if a kid gets
some pocket money it's strictly
controlled and they know they can't just
splurge on that cool pokemon t-shirt
it's a pretty tough tactic but it seems
to be working all right
Indian children grow up understanding
that they have to work hard to achieve
financial stability however Indian
parents also tend to pick their kids
career path before they even start
talking of course as you can imagine
this can cause some tension especially
if the child wants to do something else
but in India family is everything so
parents and kids find a common ground
one way or another
the influence of school when a kid goes
to school for the first time it's a big
day for the whole family
and Indian schools do a great job at
picking all the things that parents have
taught their kids and taking them to the
next level they encourage tolerance and
push kids to uncover their true
potential there's no concept of a
favorite student here every child
receives tremendous support and approval
the main task the school has for you is
to better yourself every single day
teachers show kids that their main
competition is themselves not somebody
else and your parents are always there
to catch you if you fall hmm schools
teaching valuable life lessons that's
pretty awesome indeed and what's the
most important thing your parents taught
you let's discuss it down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life